Flowapi qa checks (#6471)
Flowminder/FlowKit: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Test and synthetic data generators now perform QA checks on the generated data. [#6467](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/6467)

> - QA checks are now exposed through FlowAPI `list_qa_checks` and `get_qa_checks` endpoints [#2704](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/2704)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new `/qa` endpoint to FlowAPI, which supports getting the results of QA checks run by FlowETL [#2704](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/2704)
- Added new `available_qa_checks` property to flowmachine `Connection` objects [#2704](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/2704)
- Added new `get_qa_checks` method to flowmachine `Connection` objects [#2704](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/2704)
```
